Question 1
A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some task T and some performance measure P if its performance on T, as measured by P, improves with experience E. Suppose we feed a learning algorithm a lot of historical weather data, and have it learn to predict weather. In this setting, what is T?

The process of the algorithm examining a large amount of historical weather data.              
✓ The weather prediction task.     The task described is weather prediction, so this is Task T.
The probability of it correctly predicting a future date's weather.              
None of these.              

Question 2
Suppose you are working on weather prediction, and your weather station makes one of three predictions for each day's weather: Sunny, Cloudy or Rainy. You'd like to use a learning algorithm to predict tomorrow's weather. Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?

✓ classification     Regression is appropriate when we are trying to predict a continuous-valued output; but in this problem we are trying to predict one of 3 possible discrete-valued outputs (Sunny, Cloudy or Rainy)
Regression    

Question 3
Suppose you are working on stock market prediction, and you would like to predict whether or not a particular stock's price will be higher tomorrow than it is today. You want to use a learning algorithm for this. Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?

Regression    
✓ classification      Regression is appropriate when we are trying to predict a continuous-valued output. Here, there are two possible outcomes: That the stock price goes up (which we might designate as class 0, say) or that it does not (class 1).         

Question 4
Some of the problems below are best addressed using a supervised learning algorithm, and the others with an unsupervised learning algorithm. Which of the following would you apply supervised learning to? (Select all that apply.) In each case, assume some appropriate dataset is available for your algorithm to learn from.

Given data on how 1000 medical patients respond to an experimental drug (such as effectiveness of the treatment, side effects, etc.), discover whether there are different categories or "types" of patients in terms of how they respond to the drug, and if so what these categories are.     This can be addressed using an unsupervised learning, clustering, algorithm, in which we group the 1000 patients into different clusters based on their responses to the drug.
Examine a large collection of emails that are known to be spam email, to discover if there are sub-types of spam mail.     This can addressed using a clustering (unsupervised learning) algorithm, to cluster spam mail into sub-types.
✓ Examine a web page, and classify whether the content on the web page should be considered "child friendly" (e.g., non-pornographic, etc.) or "adult."     This can be addressed as a supervised learning, classification, problem, where we can learn from a dataset of web pages that have been labeled as "child friendly" or "adult."
✓ Given genetic (DNA) data from a person, predict the odds of him/her developing diabetes over the next 10 years.     This can be addressed as a supervised learning, classification, problem, where we can learn from a labeled dataset comprising different people's genetic data, and labels telling us if they had developed diabetes.

Question 5
Which of these is a reasonable definition of machine learning?

Machine learning is the science of programming computers.              
Machine learning means from labeled data.              
✓ Machine learning is the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.     This was the definition given by Arthur Samuel (who had written the famous checkers playing, learning program).
Machine learning is the field of allowing robots to act intelligently.               
