Question 1
Consider the problem of predicting how well a student does in her second year of college/university, given how well they did in their first year. Specifically, let x be equal to the number of "A" grades (including A-. A and A+ grades) that a student receives in their first year of college (freshmen year). We would like to predict the value of y, which we define as the number of "A" grades they get in their second year (sophomore year). 

Questions 1 through 4 will use the following training set of a small sample of different students' performances. Here each row is one training example. Recall that in linear regression, our hypothesis is hθ(x)=θ0+θ1x, and we use m to denote the number of training examples.

x	y
3	2
1	2
0	1
4	3

For the training set given above, what is the value of m? In the box below, please enter your answer (which should be a number between 0 and 10).

Answer for Question 1

4

Question Explanation

m is the number of training examples. In this example, we have m=4 examples.
Question 2
For this question, continue to assume that we are using the training set given above. Recall our definition of the cost function was J(θ0,θ1)=12m∑mi=1(hθ(x(i))−y(i))2. What is J(0,1)? In the box below, please enter your answer (use decimals instead of fractions if necessary, e.g., 1.5).

Answer for Question 2

0.5	

Question Explanation

When θ0=0 and θ1=1, we have hθ(x)=θ0+θ1x=x. So, J(θ0,θ1)=12m∑i=1m(hθ(x(i))−y(i))2=12∗4((1)2+(1)2+(1)2+(1)2)=48=0.5

Question 3
Suppose we set θ0=−1,θ1=2. What is hθ(6)?

Answer for Question 3

11	

Question Explanation

Setting x=6, we have hθ(x)=θ0+θ1x=−1+2∗6=11

Question 4
Let f be some function so that f(θ0,θ1) outputs a number. For this problem, f is some arbitrary/unknown smooth function (not necessarily the cost function of linear regression, so f may have local optima). Suppose we use gradient descent to try to minimize f(θ0,θ1) as a function of θ0 and θ1. Which of the following statements are true? (Check all that apply.)

✓ If the first few iterations of gradient descent cause f(θ0,θ1) to increase rather than decrease, then the most likely cause is that we have set the learning rate α to too large a value.		If alpha were small enough, then gradient descent should always successfully take a tiny small downhill and decrease f(\theta_0,\theta_1) at least a little bit. If gradient descent instead increases the objective value, that means alpha is too large (or you have a bug in your code!).
✓ If θ0 and θ1 are initialized at a local minimum, the one iteration will not change their values.		At a local minimum, the derivative (gradient) is zero, so gradient descent will not change the parameters.
No matter how θ0 and θ1 are initialized, so long as α is sufficiently small, we can safely expect gradient descent to converge to the same solution.		This is not true, because depending on the initial condition, gradient descent may end up at different local optima.
If θ0 and θ1 are initialized so that θ0=θ1, then by symmetry (because we do simultaneous updates to the two parameters), after one iteration of gradient descent, we will still have θ0=θ1.		The updates to θ0 and θ1 are different (even though we're doing simultaneous updates), so there's no particular reason to expect them to be the same after one iteration of gradient descent.

Question 5
Suppose that for some linear regression problem (say, predicting housing prices as in the lecture), we have some training set, and for our training set we managed to find some θ0, θ1 such that J(θ0,θ1)=0. Which of the statements below must then be true? (Check all that apply.)

For this to be true, we must have y(i)=0 for every value of i=1,2,…,m.		So long as all of our training examples lie on a straight line, we will be able to find θ0 and θ1 so that J(θ0,θ1)=0. It is not necessary that y(i)=0 for all of our examples.
✓ Our training set can be fit perfectly by a straight line, i.e., all of our training examples lie perfectly on some straight line.		If J(θ0,θ1)=0, that means the line defined by the equation "y=θ0+θ1x" perfectly fits all of our data.
Gradient descent is likely to get stuck at a local minimum and fail to find the global minimum.		The cost function J(θ0,θ1) for linear regression has no local optima (other than the global minimum), so gradient descent will not get stuck at a bad local minimum.
This is not possible: By the definition of J(θ0,θ1), it is not possible for there to exist θ0 and θ1 so that J(θ0,θ1)=0 		If all of our training examples lie perfectly on a line, then J(θ0,θ1)=0 is possible.

